[Storage Management] Add details for troubleshooting and additional permissions (#32547)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/storage-monitoring-setup.md

      </div>

   1. **Storage Management relies on AWS Integration and Resource Collection** to bring together bucket details. Add all S3 permissions from the [Integration IAM policy and Resource Collection IAM policy][502] to your Datadog IAM policy in addition to the permissions below.

>    Add the following permissions so Datadog can enable S3 inventory on your source buckets and read the generated reports from the destination buckets:

Author: Thanks Janine. I realize this section is confusing. I've tried to take your edits and make the example clearer. Please let me know what you think. Thanks!

              }
        ```

>         **Storage Management relies on AWS Integration and Resource Collection** to bring together bucket details. Add all S3 permissions from the [Integration IAM policy and Resource Collection IAM policy][502] in addition to the permissions above.

Reviewer: I noticed that we linked to the same page in the paragraph above the code sample, and the information in the two paragraphs seems similar. Can we combine them into one?

  - In Step 2: **Enable S3 Inventory to get prefix level monitoring**, select _I enabled it myself_
  - Choose the destination buckets that contain the inventory files for the source buckets you want to monitor and click **Confirm**

>    **Note**: If you don't see a list of your existing destination buckets under _I enabled it myself_, it means you haven't provided required S3 permissions as part of [AWS Resource Collection][604]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - In Step 2, under **Enable S3 Inventory to get prefix level monitoring**, select **I enabled it myself**
  - Choose the destination buckets that contain the inventory files for the source buckets you want to monitor and click **Confirm**

   **Note**: If you don't see a list of your existing destination buckets under **I enabled it myself**, you need to provide required S3 permissions as part of [AWS Resource Collection][604].
```

{{% tab "Existing S3 Inventory" %}}

  If you have already configured S3 Inventory for the buckets you want to monitor, enable buckets for Storage Monitoring from the Datadog UI. Note: Storage Management only supports CSV format for inventories.
      - Navigate to **Storage Management** → [Enable Buckets][603]
  - In Step 2: **Enable S3 Inventory to get prefix level monitoring**, select _I enabled it myself_
      - Choose the destination buckets that contain the inventory files for the source buckets you want to monitor and click **Confirm**

>  **Note**: If you don't see a list of your existing destination buckets under _I enabled it myself_, it means you haven't provided required S3 permissions as part of [AWS Resource Collection][604]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you have already configured S3 Inventory for the buckets you want to monitor, enable buckets for Storage Monitoring from the Datadog UI. 
  
  **Note**: Storage Management only supports CSV format for inventories.

      1. Navigate to **Storage Management** > [**Enable Buckets**][603].
      2. In Step 2, under **Enable S3 Inventory to get prefix level monitoring**, select **I enabled it myself**.
      3. Choose the destination buckets that contain the inventory files for the source buckets you want to monitor and click **Confirm**.

 **Note**: If you don't see a list of your existing destination buckets under **I enabled it myself**, you need to provide required S3 permissions as part of [AWS Resource Collection][604].
```
These are the suggestions I'd make in all cases where this content shows up, but GitHub won't let me!
